Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning, Donna.
Donna Jochimsen: Good morning.
How are you
Donna Jochimsen: Tired. But I'm good. I've been up since three o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh why so early.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know. I woke up and I had to get up and p. And then I got back in bed and I just couldn't go back to
Donna Jochimsen: Sleep. I finally got at about quarter to four. I just gave that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I'll probably be able to get an app sometime today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have things been going are you still by yourself or
Donna Jochimsen: Excuse me, can you say that again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, how are things going are you still by yourself or is your dad back there.
Donna Jochimsen: No, my dad is right, he's still at my brothers.
Donna Jochimsen: Was liking it.
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: I went inside yesterday. He's like, Hi, how you doing this in a really good mood and man when he was over there by himself, he, he was depressed.
Donna Jochimsen: He would be crying you know just you missed my mom. So he would sit there and look at a picture of my mom. She died like 17 years ago but
Donna Jochimsen: He would look at our picture and get all sad and cry and then you'd want to be dead. And then that him, he'd start thinking about that he'd be scared to be there so
Donna Jochimsen: It was it was. Yeah. It happened a lot. So he's doing really, really well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What makes you feel better. It's just
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it makes me feel really a lot better. That was a lot. It felt like a lot of responsibility. You know, I just, I hated it. When he would be depressed. I feel like I needed to do something to stop that. Or, you know, it was just hard.
Donna Jochimsen: It's hard and dimensions. And really, really awful disease. I hope I don't get it, because I don't want to do that to my kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame me me there.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what your plans are why you have all this free time.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh my goodness, that is something I've been thinking about, I don't know. I need to think about that. I need to make a decision about what I want to do to i want to i i'm thinking about going back to work part time. I don't want to work full time, but I could do part time
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know where you are.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm just not sure i i think i can get a job as a teacher's aide, probably, but probably not at the schools.
Donna Jochimsen: But probably not tell school starts again next year. It's so late in the year.
Donna Jochimsen: But I might try to, you know, try to find something in the meantime.
Donna Jochimsen: I definitely need to do something.
Donna Jochimsen: fill my time I have way too much of it now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really, it's really cool because you get to, you know what I mean, it's like you get to make these choices you have these choices laid out in front of you now and
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: It's amazing.
Donna Jochimsen: I just don't quite know what to do. I've been taking care of somebody that was sick for about five or six years now, and it's just kind of odd. I don't I'm sitting here, I sit here and think, well, I'm almost done with all my housecleaning
Donna Jochimsen: And so what are you going to do next. I need to figure that out. I've been thinking about it. I just haven't
Donna Jochimsen: Really made a decision yet I'm leaning to like I said towards trying to find a part time job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's really good. Good stuff.
Donna Jochimsen: I just hope nobody else gets sick, I can tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Um, so, how did you go to any meetings. The last couple days. I feel like I just saw you.
Donna Jochimsen: Yesterday, his army.
Donna Jochimsen: Group meeting.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. So yeah i i went to the new meeting yesterday. And then I go to a meeting and
Donna Jochimsen: I've been going. I've been going on for quite a while.
Donna Jochimsen: It's most while they're the core group are some old timers are a little bit older people. There are people that you know come come in and rotate through all the time. So there's different people, but
Donna Jochimsen: I just, I like it. I like the way that it's run and I like the people that are my my sponsors there so
Donna Jochimsen: It worked.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out for me and then I
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. And then last night I did another women for sobriety online.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, good. I have. I haven't done my first smart recovery meeting yet. I'm still
Donna Jochimsen: Going through everything that it is there's, it's a lot so I'm kind of trying to look at the curriculum and figure figure it out a little bit before I actually do a meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The great part about smart recovery is that you can go in there. You can go to their website, you can go to their toolbox and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In one of those assignments or worksheets, or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really, you can go through it. Like, there's the costs and benefits analysis thing where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you, you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the evening.
Donna Jochimsen: I started in the sheet for that.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, see there is a lot
Donna Jochimsen: And
Donna Jochimsen: I just wanted to get a little bit familiar with it before I actually log in and do a meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's a really good program. Definitely. Um,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, as I said, and
Donna Jochimsen: It's it women for sobriety is great support it. It really is. But the smart recovery was a little more like worked. And I feel like I need to do that I
Donna Jochimsen: I haven't put myself first for a really long time haven't thought about things. And there are issues that I need to know that I need to work on.
Donna Jochimsen: So I just I want, I want to grow a little bit more and well now a lot are actually. So I thought that that would be really good. That's why I ordered the book that book that are the the work that I did. It's the same the same thing.
Donna Jochimsen: As I got the guy, the guy, he's with Dr. Stephen, I can't remember his last name.
Donna Jochimsen: It's the first part of it is self management and recovery training, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They use
Donna Jochimsen: They use the app.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Donna Jochimsen: And now I can't remember what it what it's an acronym for
Donna Jochimsen: Are you testing my
Donna Jochimsen: Okay. Anyway, I
Donna Jochimsen: I've ordered that I should get it.
Donna Jochimsen: I get it today, but if not today, tomorrow, for sure. And it you know it's a work, but to work through those kind of things. I've never actually really done that.
Donna Jochimsen: I've done a lot of
Donna Jochimsen: Sobriety things and recovery, you know, and recovery things I've done done the Steps Know numerous times, but
Donna Jochimsen: To me that, to me that's on to me it feels the steps and what I've done is looking back, you know, a lot. And I'm wanting to do some work that looks forward or
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: So I'm kind of looking looking for that. And I'm hoping that this book is a step towards
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actors acceptance and commitment therapy.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes. There you go. Thank you.
Donna Jochimsen: Thank you. I forgot anyway.
Donna Jochimsen: When I read when I read about what it's about. But that's the basis for it. So, you know, and that sounds really good, you know, accountability, accountability, commitment and what was it, T. Darn it.
Donna Jochimsen: There. It just sounds good therapy. It sounds like
Donna Jochimsen: You know, working to move forward. Mark, to me, then I can get sober, I can do the sobriety.
Donna Jochimsen: And but I've never actually moved past that I've stayed in that for a really
Donna Jochimsen: Long time
Donna Jochimsen: With the groups and the help that I was getting and
Donna Jochimsen: That's always been a problem. That's why I relapse, because I'm not moving forward.
Donna Jochimsen: So I'm trying to really be aware of that and find ways to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. I think that that now that you have this free time, being able to look for a job while you're attending meetings and you know are you're working the steps with your sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is as you say.
Donna Jochimsen: We are. We are. Yes. I think it's my fourth time, but yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you get all the way through them.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, we
Donna Jochimsen: Do
Donna Jochimsen: God, I'm not. I'm yeah I've actually was her on I think I'm on. Step four. So,
Donna Jochimsen: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In working through those and then adding in this other piece that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you've ordered the workbook.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think is going to make a huge difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And helping others get to a point where you can help others.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stepping outside
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, so that that is important, right when he said that. I'm like, oh, I don't want to help anybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Donna Jochimsen: But that's, that's different. I know it is. You're right.
Donna Jochimsen: You're right.
Donna Jochimsen: It is
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it is. And I did. I already do that.
Donna Jochimsen: And then the last two years. Well, I won't even go past that before that. But in the last two years I only used for two months I had had a relapse and
Donna Jochimsen: One of the things that made that made me that, well, I'm not gonna say made me relapse. But that was a part of my relapse was of the group. I was in the people were so needy and
Donna Jochimsen: You know, they saw me as somebody that was fairly steady with the car and I just got here all the time and it sort of dragged me drag me back into that into that world.
Donna Jochimsen: So that's why I like my a meeting at that that doesn't happen that people there are not quite as as needy.
Donna Jochimsen: And I wasn't they did. They didn't need me. They didn't really want me to help them stay sober, although we did talk to some people. I did do that with but most of them wanted you know material things for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can help people and other ways that don't put you in that predicament. And it can be something as simple as as volunteering.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, at a thrift store.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or yeah
Donna Jochimsen: I get. I get what you're getting at. Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was thinking of
Donna Jochimsen: Thinking about sitting with people who are trying to get clean and stuff.
Donna Jochimsen: That that got to be kind of bad for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope, to you to go a whole different Avenue on
Donna Jochimsen: On it. Yes.
Donna Jochimsen: I know what about volunteer with kids or yeah um
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I might. I might do this I had
Donna Jochimsen: I had thought about doing it before, but then I my dad got sick or sicker and I had to help him that the our domestic violence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Shelter needed usually
Donna Jochimsen: Means volunteers, I might try that I might do that. Try that again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good idea. I that's like almost a little bit where my passion is is in domestic violence.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Therapy, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just someplace that doesn't require anything from you but time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see what I'm saying. When you help others.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you help others in early recovery, you know, that's where you learn to put these hard boundaries down with people and say, No, you know what you have to offer is time.
Donna Jochimsen: Experience. Very good.
Dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So getting it. Think about it getting in the practice of it is really volunteering your time in in other areas that don't require anything but your time.
Donna Jochimsen: Right. Yes. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One day a week or a couple hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A week but something that helps you work with others in a manner that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes you feel good inside without draining you. You know what I mean, right. Angela with material things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. That makes it
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, that isn't really good idea.
Donna Jochimsen: That is a good idea.
Donna Jochimsen: So i i don't know i i think i'm on a good path right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: I stopped gorging on sugary foods.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh,
Donna Jochimsen: Good. The best but yeah the vegetables helped a lot.
Donna Jochimsen: I spend a fortune on on fresh vegetables last week or so, but that's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why is it so much, why is it so much more expensive to eat healthy than what it is to eat junk.
Donna Jochimsen: Food just, I don't know, but it really is it totally is. It's
Donna Jochimsen: It's not good.
No, no.
Donna Jochimsen: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what do you think about if I put you at every other week for our meeting.
Donna Jochimsen: That would be fine. Rebecca i i'm not i don't i'm not really in a need for a therapist every week, probably every other week would be good. I, I still want to do this but
Donna Jochimsen: I value your advice and wisdom. So every other week would be good for me.
I think that and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then we'll come back.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When it. When are you going to get your workbook.
Donna Jochimsen: It should come. Maybe today, or if not today, tomorrow, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Because what I want to do is, is kind of walk you through it a little bit work with you with it as you're going through it. I think that no okay so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what we'll start planning on doing is working through the act workbook that you get, and really kind of building up your toolbox in that area, but because you're doing such a great job and you're studying. You're stable and you're moving forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your emotions are stable your thinking is where it needs to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And if it's if it for some reason, something happens, we can come right back to Weekly, but I just think you're in a place where you know you and I can, I can let go. Just enough for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Yes, you know, I like your guidance. But you're right, you're right. I probably, I don't need every week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we can plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On
Donna Jochimsen: You on Monday. Every Monday, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And if you need something you can always call the virtual clinic and tell them you know that you need to to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Schedule an appointment with me and they'll do it and we'll keep the same time, but we'll, you know, we'll just switch it to every other week. And, okay, okay. And when you get your workbook and start doing like the first part of it. And then the next time we meet, we'll go through it.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, yeah, that's that sounds like a good plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, all right, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to keep doing what you're doing and focus on you, you're doing an awesome job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, keep going to your meeting.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm sick.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm 62 I don't get a lot more chances the house.
The time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the great part about it is that now's the time when your mind is open as well. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: It is, it is. I'm really, I'm ready to do this, I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, awesome. So you're going to try. You're going to check out smart recovery, a little bit more in depth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then venture
Donna Jochimsen: I'm pretty close to checking it out well enough to
Donna Jochimsen: Feel comfortable during the meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you're you. Have you thought about asking your sponsor to go with you.
Donna Jochimsen: Know, I haven't, but I should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see if maybe it's something that you guys can plan to do together.
Donna Jochimsen: She probably would be happy to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be kind of cool, then you would have somebody else's feedback, you know, to on their perception of what they experienced, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it would probably be different for her to, I don't know that she's ever done anything like that so
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think that would be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Idea. Okay perfect, so you're going to check it smart recovery going to start working on out of the Act workbook and then the next time that we meet is going to be the week after next same time so nice. And we'll start going through, you know, going through that workbook.
Donna Jochimsen: Great. That sounds great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: All right, good. I'll see
Donna Jochimsen: I'll see you Monday anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you Monday, you have a great weekend.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye, bye, see you later. Bye.
Okay.